[admin] Removing links to imgur (#2411)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/testing-and-troubleshooting.md

"The security settings in your browser prevent us from creating a dialog box. Try a different browser, or configure your browser so that [URL] and the domain shown in your address bar are in the same security zone."

> ![A screen shot of the dialog box error message](../images/dialog-prevented.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the dialog box error message](../images/dialog-prevented.png)
```
